---
title: Privacy Policy
date: 
draft: false
share: false
commentable: false
editable: false

# Optional header image (relative to `static/media/` folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---

Our website may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.

Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.

## Cookies

Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services.

These cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.

You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.

## Server Data

For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected: type and version of the browser you use, operating system, website that linked you to our site (referrer URL), sites that you visit, date and time of your visit and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services.

## Contacting Us

On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. This site uses formspree.io for contact form processing. Using the contact form, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred for processing. The formspree.io privacy policy can be found [here](https://formspree.io/legal/privacy-policy).

## Use of the web analysis service Matomo

Our website uses the web analysis service Matomo. To carry out this analysis, Matomo uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored to your computer and provide analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, are transmitted to our Matomo server and stored there. As part of this process, your IP address is immediately anonymized so that you as user remain anonymous to us. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this site is not transferred to third parties. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.

Should you be unwilling to have this data about your use of the site stored and analyzed, you may at any time subsequently withdraw your consent to it being stored and used with a click of the mouse. A so-called opt-out cookie is then placed on your browser, and as a result Matomo will no longer collect any data on your visits. Please be aware that, should you delete cookies from your browser settings, the opt-out cookie from Matomo may also be deleted and will need to be reactivated.

<iframe style="border: 0; height: 200px; width: 600px;"
        src="https://piwik.mcarle.io/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en&backgroundColor=&fontColor=&fontSize=&fontFamily="
        ></iframe>
